hey Cody I see red I know I came about
you early you know what tonight Santa
Claus is coming and what do we need to
leave Santa Claus parents carrots for
the reindeer
oh and guess what what I bet we could
make him a snow glove I like a mitten
cookie you could wear a snowflake cookie
and the elf we could make you your
friend some like you can make you knock
this thing for your friends and this one
for only yourself nah bro the other kids
and look look hey do you think we should
decorate yeah okay you get that way yeah
you guys Santa Claus is coming tonight
hello am I the only one excited or you
just occupied yeah I'll get your big
drink this is the last time we're gonna
see red he's gonna go home what's your
favorite one that red did I get the zip
line was your favorite what was your
favorite this one this what's the
favorite thing that red has done this
kind you like making stuff don't check
what you're a good helper in the kitchen
joining up my favorite one was yeah my
favorite one
I think my favorite one was when he flew
off the fan because even though these
guys recording couldn't hear or see what
was going on it was hilarious when he
flew off the fan because it wasn't
planned it wasn't anything it was just a
hilarious you under a snowflake first
that's not flexing no hey well you know
what guys
yes did he get out our aprons wait a
minute did you get in my closet when I
was asleep probably get kicked oh my
gosh it feels so violated well you know
what I said we get started yeah let's
get started and make these cookies our
mom's sugar cookies the best because
they are eager we have tried a million
recipes and this is the best one what
yes it is Kobe yes it's Christmas No
look at mommy it's Christmas and you
know who's coming tonight
Santa is coming to night tonight I
literally cannot believe that Santa
Claus is coming tonight
can you yeah I can't wait I bet he
helped make our presence yep Cody do you
think that red helped make our presents
I bet he did and I bet he put in a
really good word for you kids cuz you
know what you know the naughty and nice
list
I think the Santa Claus goes easy on us
you know why because he loves us and he
knows that we're good it's just really
easy to be bad huh yeah I know but you
know what I bet we're a okay Oh
not Boston he's awakened he hears us out
here and he wants us to come get them
yeah let's go get them real quick and
then walk off
should we let Boston help make cookies
piece of dough to make okay let's go get
Boston and then we'll come in and get
breakfast and make cookies hi I know you
need angel are your legs asleep or what
the morning you sweet angel there we go
here we go here we go I love you